Project Requirements 
    Application must run on Android system.
    Application will work without internet access. 
    
    Priority level must determine how soon the user gets a reminder. 
        Algorithm must be set to determine the time between the "due date" and the initial remind. 
        
    Must be able to set remind for a specific time, i.e ignore priority system for a set event. 
    
    Must have Calendar for choosing date of reminder
    
    Must have Time Picker for choosing specific time for reminder:
        -Time picker isn't always necessary, only interactable if uses pokes "Specific time"
        
    Must have two specific types of notifications:
        1. Remind must appear in the same way a text would. Short notification, sits in drawer until user interaction.
        2. Must be able to set "alert" in the style of alarm, rings until user touches it. 
        
    Notifications in drawer have options for dealing with:
        1. Completed: The task is finished and doesn't need to be reminded of again. 
        2. Remind Me Later: Will remind again later based on the priority level.
        3. Snooze: A shorter duration of Remind Me Later if user is busy at the immediate time. 
        
    Must have a reminder feature.
        Reminders must be able to added and deleted 
        Must have a “time due” feature.
        Must have a priority system per reminder.
        
    Alert the user about reminder through notification.
        Must have different “levels” of reminders, based on priority level
        
    Display the current reminders on home screen. 
    
    Must not take more than a minute to add a reminder.
        Under 30 seconds would be preferable.
        Would be a good idea to run a time analysis of this app versus other “calendar apps”, 
          and statistically graph how much time is saved using our app than say, Google Calendars, etc.
          
    Must be easy to use
        Perhaps a field test - invite people who have never used the app to try it out, if they have 
          any kind of questions, fix them. If they can’t find something in app, fix it. Users should 
          be able to easily grasp it without much effort.
        
    The application should automatically ask users if they want to be re-reminded of a past notification.
    
    Past notifications should go into a “history” queue.
        Perhaps a max of 100 notifications? 128? 255?
        
    
    Must implement a "time until next notification" clock / timer / countdown
    
    Implement some sort of a stopwatch / countdown timer
    
    Must be able to give alarms even if application is not open
    
    
    
    
